feat: document usage of `filterGroupsRegex` (#11778)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/argo-server-sso.md

   - groups
  rbac:
    enabled: true
  filterGroupsRegex: ".*argo-wf.*"
```

> - `filterGroupsRegex` (Available from v3.5) would filter out groups that do not match the regex.

Author: done

  In this example, only groups that contain `argo-wf` would be allowed.
  This is useful if you have multiple applications using the same OIDC provider, and you want to restrict access to only

>   those groups that are relevant to Argo Workflows. The value will be empty by default.

Author: done

>   those groups that are relevant to Argo Workflows. The value will be empty by default.

Reviewer: - The first sentence seems to have been left in exactly the same without the changes recommended. 
- The link to the 4KB size limit was not used.

  Motivation for this was
  [#10153](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues/10153)

>   [#9530](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/issues/9530).

Author: done

  userInfoPath: /oauth2/v1/userinfo
```

> ## Filter groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filtering groups
```

as in, "See the section on filtering groups"

> v3.5 and after

> ```yaml

Reviewer: the YAML block should be after the description of the field, to be consistent with the rest of the page

sso:

>     # Specify a list of regular expressions to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Specify a list of regular expressions to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider.
    # A logical "OR" is used between each regex
```

Very important to specify the OR condition as it is otherwise ambiguous

    filterGroupsRegex:
    - ".*argo-wf.*"
    - ".*argo-workflow.*"
```

- `filterGroups` is a list of regular expressions that will be used to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider.
- This is an optional field. If not specified, no filtering will be done.
- The regular expressions are case-sensitive.
- If the list is not empty, only groups that match at least one of the regular expressions will be used in SSO RBAC.
- Argo workflows uses cookies to store the groups' information. If the number of groups returned by OIDC provider is too large, the cookie size will exceed the  **4KB** limit and the login will fail. To avoid this, you can use `filterGroups` to filter out the groups that are not relevant to SSO RBAC.

> - Also, useful if you have multiple applications using the same OIDC provider, and you want to restrict access to only those groups that are relevant to Argo Workflows.

Reviewer: - bullet points should only be used for lists. this should be in paragraph form unless a list is specified (usually with a colon (:)), consistent with the rest of the docs
- `filterGroupsRegex` is the name of the field
- "Argo Workflows" should always be in title case.
- grammar and consistency issues:
  - use "the OIDC provider" consistently.
- use present tense, [per k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-present-tense)
- use active voice, [per k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice)
- please use the [previous suggestions](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/11778#discussion_r1320073919), such as for the link for the cookie limit and the wording and tense therein. 
  - no need to bold the 4KB
- typically the example use-cases come before the description of the feature in this page. i.e. the "motivation" for the feature comes first, and then how to use the feature

Reviewer: I can rewrite this myself with the copy-edits above, but I am unsure if you will follow those this time

> ### Example Expression

Reviewer: this is an h3 that is part of "Custom Claims". the new section should either be above "Custom Claims" or at the very bottom. currently it got spliced in between "Custom Claims"'s sections

# assuming customClaimGroupName: argo_groups
workflows.argoproj.io/rbac-rule: "'argo_admins' in groups"
```

## Filtering groups

> v3.5 and above

Configure the `filterGroupsRegex` field to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider. Some use-cases for this include:
- You have multiple applications using the same OIDC provider, and you only want to use groups that are relevant to Argo Workflows.

> - Argo Workflows uses cookies to store the groups' information. If the number of groups returned by the OIDC provider is too large, the cookie size will exceed the [4kb size limit](https://chromestatus.com/feature/4946713618939904) and the login will fail. To avoid this, use `filterGroupsRegex` to filter out the groups that are not relevant to SSO RBAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have many groups and exceed the [4kb cookie size limit](https://chromestatus.com/feature/4946713618939904) (cookies are used to store authentication tokens). If this occurs, login will fail.
```

- follow the same sentence structure as the first bullet for grammatical parallelism.
- no need to repeat what `filterGroupsRegex` does
- cookies are very common auth mechanisms, so if you want to mention that, we can just parenthesize that
- more direct, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language)

Author: done

# assuming customClaimGroupName: argo_groups
workflows.argoproj.io/rbac-rule: "'argo_admins' in groups"
```

## Filtering groups

> v3.5 and above

> Configure the `filterGroupsRegex` field to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider. Some use-cases for this include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `filterGroupsRegex` to filter the groups returned by the OIDC provider. Some use-cases for this include:
```

- this is optional, so use "you can", which is consistent with the rest of the docs
- the rest of the docs refer directly to the fields as nouns, without using "the X field"

- You have multiple applications using the same OIDC provider, and you only want to use groups that are relevant to Argo Workflows.

> - You have many groups and exceed the [4KB cookie size limit](https://chromestatus.com/feature/4946713618939904) (cookies are used to store authentication tokens). If this occurs, login will fail.

Reviewer 2: Do you happen to know if there's a cookie size limit on any other popular browsers (since the link is particular to Chrome)?

Reviewer: Most of them implement the same limit. The link mentions [RFC 6265](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6265#section-6.1). The RFC states that 4KB is the _minimum_.

Microsoft mentions something similar in [ASP.NET docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/ms178194(v=vs.140)?redirectedfrom=MSDN#cookie-limitations).

A lot of websites also refer to this [old tracker](http://browsercookielimits.iain.guru/) -- most there are 4KB, some a few bytes below 4KB, and a few 5KB. All roughly around the same size.

For some reason Chrome is the only one who's implementation is easily accessible in a quick search.

The link is actually from the original issue #10153. We could link to the [IETF RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6265#section-6.1) instead, which is less readable, but is more neutral.

I don't have a strong opinion either way

Reviewer 2: Thanks. 

_We could link to the [IETF RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6265#section-6.1) instead, which is less readable, but is more neutral. I don't have a strong opinion either way_

I do like readability over neutrality.

Reviewer: Yea and Chrome is similarly a high-quality, first-party source (i.e. not a random third-party website)
